Purpose: NRT A2D stands for Near Real-Time Analogue-to-Digital. The reason why this project is important is that all of the vital monitoring devices output analog signals. PC's can only understand digital signals. This program, along with the functionality of the oscilloscope, creates a near-real-time stream of data from the monitoring devices to the PC. This allows for further development of a program that can analyze the vitals of chinchillas in real time. While you can buy analog-to-digital converters, they are both expensive and are not compatible with all types of PC's and analog signals. However, without the data from the vital monitoring devices, we cannot come up with the specifications we need to get a PC. So, this program ultimately lessens the risk of the lab buying expensive equipment that is not compatible with each other. However, in the future, once the vital monitoring device algorithm is more fully developed and we understand the kind of PC we need to buy, I HIGHLY recommend getting an A2D converter instead of using this program.

How it works: This program works by automatically saving CSVs from the oscilloscope's webpage. There are two layers to this program: one that runs on Google as a Google extension and another that runs on the Windows operating system. This is necessary because the webpage runs on Google, but the CSV file is saved to the PC. 

The Google extension automatically presses the save button on the webpage every ten seconds. At the same time, the pywinauto script runs a program that automatically clicks any save as dialog box.
